# OIBSIP_JavaDevelopment.github.io

## Task 1

### ATM Interface

We have all come across ATMs in our cities and it is built on Java. 
This project consists of five different classes. When the system starts the user is prompted with card number and pin. On entering the details successfully, then ATM functionalities are unlocked. The project allows to perform following operations:

Transactions History

Withdraw

Deposit

Change Pin

Quit

Technologies used :-

JAVA

JAVA SWING


## Task 2

### Number Guessing Game

The fun and easy project “Guess the Number” is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps :

The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100.

The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box.

The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number.

The game continues under the user guessing the number.

I had also incorporated further details :

Limiting the number of attempts.

Displaying score.

Giving points based on the number of attempts.

Technologies used :-

JAVA

JAVA SWING



## Task 3

### Online Examination

This project is an online examination where student can give exam.
The project is capable of the following functionalities.

Login


Selecting answers for MCQs

Timer and auto submit

Closing session and Logout

Technologies used :-

JAVA

JAVA SWING


Steps to use :-

Download or clone the repository

git clone : Click Here

Go to the directory

Run the project in any Java IDE.
